3.1
a. The depth-first search fails to find an answer to even the easiest sudoku.  This occurs because depth-first search
   completes a sudoku based on a random starting location, and then explores the solutions close to this guess.  Since
   a sudoku has only one possible solution but many possible numerical layouts, the depth-first search only has a chance
   to explore the solutions close to the solution which it first finds.  If the true solution is not among them, the
   algorithm will not find it.

   The AC3 algorithm finds a solution to the easy puzzle in about 5 hundredths of a second, but fails to find a solution
   to either of the harder puzzles.  This occurs because the arc consistency algorithm works well for problems that
   initially constrain each domain to precisely one possible solution, like the easy puzzle, but abjectly fails when
   the problem cannot constrain each domain to precisely one solution, as with the harder two puzzles.

   The backtracking algorithm algorithm also only finds the solution to the easiest sudoku, although it takes at least
   a minute to do so.  This occurs because the backtracking algorithm keeps adding numbers to the puzzle until it
   violates a constraint by repeating a number in a row, column, or box.  At this point, it then backs up so that it can
   fix the issue that caused it to violate a constraint.  It repeats this process until it finds a solution for which
   all constraints are satisfied.  However, the original setup has poor heuristics for choosing the best path, so this
   process takes a large amount of time for any puzzle other than the easiest one.

   The minimum conflicts algorithm can find a solution to the easiest puzzle, but it takes over three minutes to do so.
   The other puzzles take longer, over four minutes.  The minimum conflicts algorithm starts by randomly assigning a
   number to each domain and then moving the numbers that conflict into new domains that minimize the amount of conflict.
   Although this usually finds the solution eventually, it takes a long time to find the solution to a sudoku because of
   the number of possible ways to arrange the numbers that go in a sudoku.

b.
i.  Setting the select_unassigned_variable parameter to minimum-remaining-value lengthens the search time with respect
    to the default value for the easiest puzzle,
ii. Replacing the default value for inference dramatically drops the search time for the easiest puzzle from over a
    minute to less than a second, but the algorithm still cannot solve the more difficult puzzles.

The forward checking option should work well for Sudoku because it examines how well a given guess moves the potential
solution towards the final answer, and checks the ones that seem to work best first.  Minimum remaining values should
also work well because it looks to minimize scenarios by looking at highly constrained squares first.  The combination
of these two parameters generates the best results, solving all three puzzles in less than a second.


3.2
a. The depth-first search was buggy, so it was not evaluated.  AC3 could not solve n=4 because it cannot solve a problem
   for which multiple values are acceptable for a given domain.  Backtracking started failing at n=22, because it ran
   out of time and steps to solve the board.  Min-conflicts solved problems up to n=5000, and could potentially deal
   with even more.
b. ???
c. 